Planned features, ideas & to-do

----
FILE SYSTEM

	This is just a rough idea, I'm thinking something along the lines of:
	
		Admin folder containing:
			systems info (eg check how much ammo a turret has).
			usershares and mail.
			
		Backup & emergency config:
			manually override automatic subsystems(eg CCTV, doors, oxygen supply).
			backup power.
			self-destruct.exe.
			
		Tools:
			systems config (eg deactivate shields) in the form of executable scripts.
			help & information about the system.

----
This one is more of a design splurge I just had:

SPACESHIP LAYOUT

	Needs designing before the game can take direction. I'm thinking a small-med sized ship
	with 2-3 floors and just enough gear to support and defend itself, nothing too extravagant.
	
		List of systems & subsystems.
			
			SYSTEMS
				helm
				nav
				comms
				weapons
				shields
				engines (& thrusters)
				power core
				
			SUBSYSTEMS (mostly things that run automatically)
				power distribution system & backup power supply
				CCTV
				lights
				doors
				air conditioning - oxygen supply, humidity, temp, circulation
				gravity/magnetic system (or whatever we decide makes feet stick to floors)
				main computer - ship's OS, file system, access terminal network
	
		Here's a quick throw up of the rooms in the ship:
		
			BRIDGE contains:
				captain's chair (captain)
				helm (pilot)
				nav panel (nav)
				comms panel (comms)
				weapons panel (shooter)
				systems panel (someone who really knows what they're doing balancing power)
		
			ENGINE ROOM - maintenance hatches from here lead to the exterior at the thrusters.
			CARGO HOLD - containing transport cargo as well as crew supply storage.
			POWER CORE - giant, bright thing that powers the ship.
			SHIELD & SUBSYSTEM CONTROL CENTRE - direct shield maintenance access & controls. also backup power & subsystems control panel.
			WEAPON MAINTENANCE - the backend of the weapons. for maintenance & ammo loading.
			MESS HALL / KITCHEN - not really important to the game.
			CREW PRIVATE QUARTERS - or that.
			
		Here's a quick idea of the crew I threw together:
	
		bridge			6 crew:	1 captain, 1 pilot, 1 nav(shooter backup), 1 dedicated shooter, 1 systems(shooter backup), 1 comms(shooter backup).
		weapons bay		2 crew:	2 weapon maintenance/loaders.
		shields & subsystems	1 crew:	1 shield & subsystems person (who can also do engines and cargo).
		engines & cargo		1 crew:	1 engines & cargo dogsbody (who can also vice versa ^).
		IT			1 crew:	1 dedicated IT goon.
		extra			5 crew:	2 Housekeeping Oddjob Androids (this could be fun! maybe hack them and make them run scripts that control them?)
					& 1 Dami. Dedicated perv. Can do anything except be in the bridge (risk of fire).
					oh, and 2 chefs.

		total 16 crew (14 live).
		
----